feat: Add `jj_bookmark` module (#7643)
starship/starship: docs/config/README.md

The `jj_bookmark` module shows the [Jujutsu](https://docs.jj-vcs.dev/) bookmark when the current directory is in a Jujutsu repository.

It looks at `@ | @-` to find bookmarks and will prioritize displaying those of `@` (after filtering has been applied).

### Options

| Option              | Default                                                            | Description                                                                              |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `format`            | `"on [$symbol$bookmark( \\(+$overflow_count others\\))]($style) "` | The format for the module.                                                               |
| `symbol`            | `" "`                                                             | The symbol used in the `$symbol` variable.                                               |
| `style`             | `"bold purple"`                                                    | The style for the module.                                                                |

> | `truncation_length` | `u16::MAX`                                                         | Truncates the bookmark's name and remote to `N` graphemes.                               |

Reviewer: I would prefer writing the definition here:
```suggestion
| `truncation_length` | `2^16-1`                                                         | Truncates the bookmark's name and remote to `N` graphemes.                               |
```

Author: done
